README.md, before:

# GLFW3 Language Bindings for Delphi

This repository contains Delphi language bindings and binaries for [GLFW3](http://www.glfw.org/) version 3.2.1.

It supports Windows (32-bit and 64-bit) and macOS (32-bit).

## Source Code

The only unit you need is `Neslib.Glfw3`, which contains the header translations for GLFW3.

## Example

The `Example` directory contains a minimal example of using GLFW and OpenGL to show a spinning triangle.

## Deployment

This repository contains pre-compiled dynamic libraries for Windows and macOS. These can be found in the `Libraries` folder.

To deploy your GLFW3 application:
* For Windows: place the `glfw3_32.dll` (32-bit) or `glfw3_64.dll` (64-bit) file in the same directory as the executable.
* For macOS: add the file `libglfw.3.2.dylib` to the Delphi Deployment Manager and set the Remote Path to `Contents\MacOS\`

## Documentation

Documentation can be found in the HTML Help file DelphiGlfw.chm in the `Doc` directory.

Alternatively, you can [read the documentation on-line](https://neslib.github.io/DelphiGlfw/).

## Updating the Dynamic Libraries

If you want to use a newer version of the dynamic libraries than those provided in this repository, then follow these steps:

### For Windows

It is easiest to download the pre-compiled binaries from http://www.glfw.org/download.html. You can download both the 32-bit and 64-bit libraries here.

The downloaded zip file will contain multiple DLLs in different folders such as `lib-mingw` and `lib-vc2015`. You should use the DLL from the `lib-mingw` folder, since that one doesn't have any dependencies on a specific Visual Studio Runtime.

Note that the download for the 32-bit DLLs may also contain a `lib-mingw-w64` folder. However, that folder does *not* contain a 64-bit DLL. You should download the 64-bit binaries for that.

Rename the DLL to `glfw3_32.dll` or `glfw3_64.dll`, depending on platform.

### For macOS

Follow the instructions on the [Compiling GLFW](http://www.glfw.org/docs/latest/compile.html) page.

Be sure to enable the `BUILD_SHARED_LIBS` option to build a dynamic library.

Commit message:

Updated the bindings to GLFW version 3.3.7

README.md, after:

# GLFW3 Language Bindings for Delphi

This repository contains Delphi language bindings and binaries for [GLFW3](http://www.glfw.org/) version 3.3.7.

It supports Windows (32-bit and 64-bit) and Intel macOS (64-bit).

## Source Code

The only unit you need is `Neslib.Glfw3`, which contains the header translations for GLFW3.

## Example

The `Example` directory contains a minimal example of using GLFW and OpenGL to show a spinning triangle.

## Deployment

This repository contains pre-compiled dynamic libraries for Windows and macOS. These can be found in the `Libraries` folder.

To deploy your GLFW3 application:
* For Windows: place the `glfw3_32.dll` (32-bit) or `glfw3_64.dll` (64-bit) file in the same directory as the executable.
* For macOS: add the file `libglfw.3.dylib` to the Delphi Deployment Manager and set the Remote Path to `Contents\MacOS\`. You must also make sure that the location of the dylib file is added to the search path of your project or library path in your environment options (only for the "MacOS 64-Bit" configuration).

## Documentation

Documentation can be found in the HTML Help file DelphiGlfw.chm in the `Doc` directory.

Alternatively, you can [read the documentation on-line](https://neslib.github.io/DelphiGlfw/).
